# React Typescript Starter
## Overview
This repo provides an opinionated template for getting up and running with React and Typescript quickly.

## What You Get
* React
* Typescript
* Jest (with coverage and junit reports for your CI)


## Getting Started
## Serve
```
$ npm install
...
$ npm start
```

### Build
```
$ npm run build
```

### Test
To run the tests:
```
$ npm test
```

To run the tests with coverage (this is what you should run on your CI):
```
$ npm test:coverage
```

To run the tests with a watch:
```
$ npm test:watch
```
Note, by default `Jest` will only run tests which have changed or may be impacted by a change since the last commit when using a watch.

## Doing Stuff
### Adding Tests
To add tests you have a couple of options:
* Place your test files in a `__test__` folder 
* Create a file ending in `.test.ts| .test.tsx | .test.js` (`.spec.<ext>` also works)

Of the two options creating a `.test.<ext>` right next to the file being tested is recommended as it gives clear transparency
on what is tested and what isn't - and it also stops you hunting around.

## Opinions
### `npm` and not `yarn`
Why?
* The two have become very close in terms of functionality
* There is no known benefit at this point not to use the standard node pacakge manager

### Platform Agnostic
This starter is intended to run on any OS capable of running node.

### BYOIDE
It should be possible to execute all key functionality from the command line, and commonly used standards and tools are 
employed to provide as consistent a development experience across IDE's as possible.

#### Webstorm Support
Webstorm is a fantastic IDE once learned which includes killer features such as simplified and safe reactors as well 
as in IDE coverage and test runners.

When using Webstorm you will find that you have common tasks available to you in the top right and will not need to use the CLI.

You'll also find that there is a handy 'Debug' task to attach the debugger. 

#### VS Code Support (help needed)
VS Code is also awesome, and a pull request to add some solid VS Code defaults would be very welcome.

### Own Your Test Setup
The project is not ejected from `react-scripts-ts`, however your test configuration will always be somewhat unique to you - so
it has been extracted already for you into `jest.config.js` to be found in the root.
## Notes
### Create React App
This project was originally generated by `create-react-app` and makes use of `react-scripts-ts`.

The original [README.md](CREATE_REACT_README.md) has been preserved.